Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 13]
Where's San? Huh?
I don't see San!
- Hurry!
- Hyun!
- Yes?
- He's not here! San isn't here!
- San isn't here?
- He isn't.
San! Kang San!
San!
What do we do?
Doctor!
Doctor Kwak! Doctor Kwak!
Are you all right?
What about the patient?
How's the patient?
My leg is caught,
so I can't carry him out.
San. Kang San. San!
It's okay. I'll get you out of here.
San, what's wrong? San, wake up! San!
What is it? What's the matter?
He's not breathing.
His pulse is too weak from the shock.
Does he have subcutaneous emphysema?
No!
- I think it's pericardial tamponade.
- We have to intubate!
If we don't intubate and release
the pressure, we could lose him!
This... take this.
- Doctor!
- Doctor, are you all right?
Don't be scared. You can do it.
- What are you doing?
- You can't go inside.
He's right. Look at this right here.
No one can go inside until the rescue
team removes all fire hazards.
Are you telling me to leave
the patient like that?
- Let me do it.
- Doctor!
Hold on.
Geez, they should hurry.
What are they doing?
I can do it. I can do it.
The defibrillator!
Clear!
- Can you call yourself a doctor?
- Interns don't even make that mistake.
The patient died because of you.
Doctor Kwak. Doctor Kwak!
I don't think I can do it.
- I can't do it.
- Look at me.
- I can't do it, so...
- I said, look at me!
Breathe slowly.
Take a deep breath and calm down.
The person who's here right now...
isn't the same person from yesterday.
The person who's right here...
worked hard to avoid failure
by practicing day in and day out.
You're the hard-working doctor
of internal medicine, Kwak Hyun.
And outside...
there's a patient
I wanted to save so badly.
And the teacher you loved
as much as your father.
Teacher Seol Jae Chan is waiting for us.
Today, is the very last field trip...
that Seol Jae Chan can go on.
We can't make him lose a student
on his last field trip.
You can do it.
Don't use your brain.
Just... let your muscle memory...
do the work.
Gauze.
His pulse is back to normal.
You worked hard, Doctor Kwak.
You...
saved this patient.
He's alive right? He will live, right?
Yes. Although, he can't
go on the field trip today.
Wow, our Hyun is a real doctor now.
If your father knew about this,
he'd be so proud.
I wonder how he's doing.
Would you... like to meet Father?
He's... over there.
He might not recognize you.
His condition has gotten worse
in the last few days.
Hey! Friend!
Hey, Kwak Sung!
It's me.
It's me, Jae Chan.
- Sung!
- You punk!
Do you remember me? I'm Jae Chan!
Geez! You recognize me!
That's right. It's me, Jae Chan.
You punk. I didn't know
you'd recognize me...
How long has it been?
Geez, thank you. You recognize me.
But...
who's that?
- Is he your son?
- What in the world?
You've...
gone through a lot of hardships,
haven't you?
You punk, seriously...
It's okay. It's okay.
Geez, what a difficult illness.
He immediately recognizes
his friend from 20 years ago...
yet he doesn't remember his son
who visits him every day.
It makes you sad, doesn't it?
I'm fine.
After I wrap things up at school,
I'll transfer here.
You said you wanted to stay home.
You made all the preparations.
I changed my mind.
Is it because of me?
Are you worried it'll be hard for me?
If I knew you'd feel burdened...
I wouldn't have brought you here.
Hey, it's not like that.
I want to be with my friend.
I won't be lonely at the end.
How great is that?
Don't you think?
[DF Ver] Episode 13 Hospital Ship
"You're the One Who Saved This Patient"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- You're early.
- Just by 20 minutes.
- What's this?
- Jae Geol forgot it.
At the hospital?
Why did he leave his gown there?
He's pretending to be a doctor
when he isn't.
- Who's pretending?
- Get me some water.
- Get me some water!
- Gosh, my heart.
What is going on here?
- What?
- What's wrong with you?
Why are you so down?
You worked hard back there.
You even fixed her arm.
Wasn't it exciting?
Patients avoided
becoming crippled thanks to you.
- Myun Soo, get an X-ray of his leg!
- Yes, I'm on it!
Another patient coming in!
An accident? Where?
How badly are they hurt?
- Let's start with that patient first.
- Yeah, let's check him out.
He looks like a bright kid.
Hey... you did a very good job
with emergency measures.
I'm sure you couldn't have
done this with your arm.
- Was it the doctor of internal medicine?
- No.
It was the hospital ship's
doctor of oriental medicine...
[Kim Jae Geol]
Are you... saying Jae Geol did this?
- Yes.
- That too?
- Of course.
- Wow.
It must run in the family.
There's a difference. Look at his skills.
And look at how he wrapped
him up with his gown.
- His quick actions...
- What quick actions?
He just got lucky!
Geez, Director Kim...
Well, I think we should
get an X-ray first.
- Jae Geol, where are we going?
- Busan.
- Why Busan?
- To spend the old man's money!
Here it is! Let's have a fun time!
- The food is here!
- Cheers!
He said he'll take responsibility
for all of it.
Isn't he just bluffing?
He said it too confidently to be a bluff.
- You must come here often.
- Not so much these days.
- Why?
- We're busy.
- What were you doing?
- Treating patients.
A doctor?
Both of you.
- What kind of doctor?
- Guess.
Is it... cosmetic surgery?
- Why?
- You look sharp.
- You're wrong.
- He's not?
Then, what kind of doctor is he?
It's unimaginable.
- Why?
- What?
Why is it unimaginable?
Are you looking down on oriental medicine
too? We're not even doctors, huh?
Hey, that's not it.
Jae Geol! Jae Geol!
Geez, why are you embarrassing me
by coming out here?
Are you capable of feeling embarrassed?
- What about the girls?
- They told me to bring you back.
They said it'd be nice to date you
and get free tonic for life.
Who said that doctors of
oriental medicine aren't doctors?
- My old man.
- Old men are like that.
Have you seen
any old man liking their son?
Geez, seriously.
- Let's go inside.
- Why?
Aren't you going to whine
about your back pain tomorrow?
Why are you worried?
You can give me acupuncture.
- You punk.
- Let's go inside.
Geez, seriously. Geez...
Is your arm better?
I asked if your arm is okay.
As you can see, it is.
What are you listening to?
Is it music?
It's similar to music.
Is there a singer or genre that you like?
No, there isn't.
What are you doing tomorrow?
You're not working in the ER, right?
- Why?
- Want to go to Maemuldo?
- I know a famous restaurant.
- I don't like famous restaurants.
Their soy sauce crab is amazing.
You like soy sauce crab.
Who told you I like soy sauce crab?
You did.
I noticed you eating it whole last time.
You even licked all your fingers.
- You'll go, right?
- No.
I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Maemuldo is close.
It's only a 30 minute boat ride.
15 minutes. If it's not within
a 15 minute distance, I'll decline.
You should extend that
by another 15 minutes.
It's because I'm thankful.
For what?
This hand became a doctor again
thanks to you.
I want to repay you for it.
Fine, then tell me what you want.
I'll do whatever you want.
- Really?
- Is there anything you want from me?
- Yes.
- What is it?
This...
Do you recognize it?
- They're my surgeries.
- You're right.
I tried to bring your surgeries
back into the light.
This... is a root graft surgery.
And this is a lacerated wound
caused by a bullet.
And this...
- Why?
- Pardon?
Why did you meticulously
restore my surgeries?
Are you planning to practice
in troubled areas?
I'm not. I haven't thought of
doing that yet.
Then...
The places where I work are becoming
as dangerous as troubled areas.
There are many times when I have to skip
between departments. Just like you.
In 21st century Korea?
Yes, in 21st century Korea.
- That's why...
- That's why?
I want to learn what you know.
There weren't many cases in the journals
so I was wondering if you saved
your other cases elsewhere.
- Did you bring your laptop?
- Yes.
Here.
What's your password?
If I want to see your surgery cases
I need your password.
860920.
Pardon?
What's your password?
860920.
Is there any special meaning to that...
password?
It's your birthday.
You punk, don't you know
your own birthday?
You... remember me?
Hey, what father wouldn't
recognize his own son?
I know, right? You're right, Father.
Hyun.
- Yes?
- Did something happen to me?
Why did I suddenly come back to Korea?
And where are we?
Isn't it nice to be outside?
You must have had
a hard time by yourself.
I didn't. I had Mom.
I know what your mother is like.
Did I... ever tell you...
that I'm sorry?
Father.
I'm sorry.
The truth is, I couldn't handle your mom.
She told me to be a competent doctor.
She said I needed to be
a competent doctor.
She pressured me a lot.
But as you know, she meant
she wanted me to make a lot of money.
At times...
your mother looked like a witch.
The truth is...
I ran away.
It wasn't to become a good doctor.
And it wasn't because I wanted to
devote myself to my patients.
I knew the marriage wasn't right
but I didn't have the guts
to break it off.
That's why...
I did many bad things to you.
You weren't even 20 years old.
But you took care of your mother
and younger sister.
Even though your father was still alive.
It must have been hard...
filling the empty void I left.
That's okay. That's okay, Father.
Hyun, that's why...
There's something I have to sign...
while I'm in my right mind.
Bring it to me.
But...
Let me do it.
I can't let you make that decision too.
Hyun.
Were you waiting for me?
No, I didn't have a ride back home.
How's your father?
He went back.
He went to a place...
where he can't recognize anyone.
Is it hard to get through the day?
There are many days
when it doesn't last five minutes.
Shall we get going?
Do you still want to go to Maemuldo?
Do you want to go?
- I'll buy you soy sauce crab.
- Why?
Is it because my father filled
your computer with techniques?
- No, it's because it's your birthday.
- Birthday?
860920.
Is that today?
Let's go.
Are you saying you'll celebrate
with me because it's my birthday?
Then I want to go somewhere else.
I didn't know a place like this existed.
It's not all bad that you came
to the hospital ship, right?
You don't see this in Seoul.
You must come here often.
I don't. It's been 20 years.
Should we take a picture too?
I don't really like taking pictures.
Doctor Song.
It's not that way. It's this way.
Why do you always lead
when you don't know the way?
Let's go.
Doctor Song.
It turned out nice.
The background is good too.
20170920.
In this moment,
I witnessed something dazzling.
Cheers.
I don't like to drink during the day
because I get drunk easily.
Just one glass.
Thank you for celebrating with me.
Don't get ahead of yourself. If it's too
expensive, we're splitting the bill.
Do you know
what the warmest peach is called?
I don't know.
Cheondo peach.
(1,000 degree peach.)
What number makes people stand up?
Five.
(Everybody stand up.)
What else is there?
What is the easiest number in the world?
190,000.
(That's easy.)
What town do chubby people live in?
Gaepo-dong.
(Extremely rotund.)
What's the opposite of private car?
(alternatively, "it is small")
Do you know it or not?
You don't know it, do you?
Tall.
(It is tall.)
Doctor Kwak.
Are you laughing
because it's actually funny
or are you laughing because
the situation is too hard to face?
Something happened, didn't it?
Something happened
at the hospital, didn't it?
[Episode 14 will begin shortly.]
Subtitles by DramaFever